README.md, before:

AirInAppPurchase
================

AirInAppPurchase is an ADOBE AIR Native Extension (ANE) to purchase virtual items.
It works both for iOS and Android devices.
It uses Apple In App Purchase for iOS devices and Google Play for Android ones.

Installation
------------
The ANE is already compiled. You can find it under the folder Binaries. 
If you want to recompile it, just run ant in the same directory, after changing the parameters (called properties) in build.xml.

On Android:

 * you will need to add the following in your application descriptor:

    ```xml

    <android>
        <manifestAdditions><![CDATA[
            <manifest android:installLocation="auto">
                ...
                <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
                <uses-permission android:name="com.android.vending.BILLING" />
                ...
                <application>
                    ...
                    <service android:name="com.freshplanet.inapppurchase.BillingService" />
                    <receiver android:name="com.freshplanet.inapppurchase.BillingReceiver">
                        <intent-filter>
                            <action android:name="com.android.vending.billing.IN_APP_NOTIFY" />
                            <action android:name="com.android.vending.billing.RESPONSE_CODE" />
                            <action android:name="com.android.vending.billing.PURCHASE_STATE_CHANGED" />
                        </intent-filter>
                    </receiver>
                    ...
                </application>
            </manifest>
            
        ]]></manifestAdditions>
    </android>
    ``` 


IOS Compilation
---------------

The iOS library has been compiled using the sdk iOS 4.3 and deployment target set to iOS 4.0, using GCC 4.2.
This ANE has NOT been tested with an sdk version superior to iOS 4.3.

It is distributed under Apache 2.0 license.

Commit message:

Updated folder structure and build script

README.md, after:

Air Native Extension for In App Purchases (iOS + Android)
======================================

This is an [Air native extension](http://www.adobe.com/devnet/air/native-extensions-for-air.html) for In App Purchases on iOS and Android. It has been developed by [FreshPlanet](http://freshplanet.com) and is used in the game [SongPop](http://songpop.fm).


Installation
---------

The ANE binary (InAppPurchase.ane) is located in the *bin* folder. You should add it to your application project's Build Path and make sure to package it with your app (more information [here](http://help.adobe.com/en_US/air/build/WS597e5dadb9cc1e0253f7d2fc1311b491071-8000.html)).

On Android:

 * you will need to add the following in your application descriptor:

    ```xml

    <android>
        <manifestAdditions><![CDATA[
            <manifest android:installLocation="auto">
                ...
                <uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
                <uses-permission android:name="com.android.vending.BILLING" />
                ...
                <application>
                    ...
                    <service android:name="com.freshplanet.inapppurchase.BillingService" />
                    <receiver android:name="com.freshplanet.inapppurchase.BillingReceiver">
                        <intent-filter>
                            <action android:name="com.android.vending.billing.IN_APP_NOTIFY" />
                            <action android:name="com.android.vending.billing.RESPONSE_CODE" />
                            <action android:name="com.android.vending.billing.PURCHASE_STATE_CHANGED" />
                        </intent-filter>
                    </receiver>
                    ...
                </application>
            </manifest>
            
        ]]></manifestAdditions>
    </android>
    ``` 



Build script
---------

Should you need to edit the extension source code and/or recompile it, you will find an ant build script (build.xml) in the *build* folder:

    cd /path/to/the/ane/build
    mv example.build.config build.config
    #edit the build.config file to provide your machine-specific paths
    ant


Authors
------

This ANE has been written by [Thibaut Crenn](https://github.com/titi-us). It belongs to [FreshPlanet Inc.](http://freshplanet.com) and is distributed under the [Apache Licence, version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
